today it's about my at beauty field
So yes, I have to do more in the title
imagine
here does not hear something cold nor how
usually just everyone
That's why I 'm after that
a little tired or hoarse I sound
was already two weeks ago properly
sick and that is actually possible
already beautiful very deep voice
but yes I will still be a video for
Turn and hope that you see me
understands and that I'm not too sick
look good that you have bacteria and
videos can not transfer
well I turn this video I was five
I like to have new products with me
you want to share from the decorative
cosmetics corner I really really
already a while with me have some
not so long that's a reason
clever as it used three days but
I can recommend it to you
yes and that's why this video is
emerged effortlessly or much fun
product only one of mirakel bags
foundation pillow what beautiful you
to do what he absolutely uses me
but not as a pure foundation and
for the whole day it is for me that he
so on the way to fresher if I
sitting in the train or in the plane because
I often have dry skin and are compact
just was not good for me
then you continue even more the dry
skin or the boats depending on in
What condition my skin is though it is
I just go find that
a really cool thing that's the way it is
a wonderful product for on the go
with mirror with small sponges and
Do not scare now that does not look
after my tone but if now
order it really fits that
skin tone and I chose 0 1 for that
pronounce it correctly and it
is really so there is a lot
Moisture off it cools and I feel
It just makes me fresher, that's why
product for me on the way really one
miracle weapon product number two of the
clearer of flashbacks that is a me
read it before foto finish foundation
you can look forward as the name says
and it and the Apply and
the make-up last longer
feel fresh I actually just what
wonderful idea I think I am actually
no fan of free but if you
actually a normal skin
you and you exploited by roofs then
that would actually be enough but it
there are days or maybe even one
week at the moment where you need it
could and then he comes here and
I think that's really good I have now
already the last week a few times
used because I was traveling again
and have to say I feel better
with it and I believe if a product
I just supported in what you do
It takes a good investment day
is matchbox fotofinish I can you
recommend product number 3 this is a
little bag of anastasia beverly
hills and that's it for the
eyebrows thought I'm like you
see a relatively light type that is
I have my eyebrows pull
that they work more though I have around
reason again with but they are just
relatively bright from ra color and me
you also always have to color regularly
But no problem is that I do
everything twice a month, one to three
minutes of my life I can do that
for sacrifice
but also a nice swing
to get here see it I need
helper and this little guy got leyen
me from alabaster with the foals
get and i have to say is one
cool thing is a brown gel and that
is amazing and I have it
a deaf person
it's a little bit expensive in you
I think I paid 18 euros
but I admit to the mac I had
before always a mosque instead of 19
euro cost well here comes the
shipping add what is often sold out
I have something expensive onlineshop
you have to order a bit more
shipping with beat up but it has
In any case worth it I can
you recommend product number 4
as it is I have my him before
This is the click of the week presented
no doctor but he is just beautiful
No, I would say that night blue
I really like you young nail polish
can recommend karen stupid in the color
number 79 look 60 times on it is yes
just a nice color as I think
left to 100 percent already from
Vinegar or which brand also uses
but I like those damn ones
So this brush brush of video
I do not know if you can see that
maybe I should do that again
he just has the shape to zoom
perfect shape of a nail i wear
because once you have a round
it goes over and he dries in three
seconds what I felt yes and then
good on yourself and will last a long time
of course used here and over
but that was still my product
number four
what I really like to recommend you
if you can still have a night blue
Nail polish was looking for nail polish
yes never get enough help
like lipsticks and other things
Product number five is the pusa series
planner of benefit i am one of a kind
lady i rarely have one
without alone and therefore I am always
looking for water tight long
persistent and jet black this one
just creates all three components and
I am very happy to have found him
Because he also has so much
grossmotoriker if I have such a nice
effort has helped me wonderfully
outside also this beautiful swing
to get there because that's always on
a little bit difficult most of the time it is like this
an eye looks totally great and me
do the other one me yes what do you have
because now again she gelatinised
can always be very ugly, so let's just say it
and then took forever to us
correct and then you have something everywhere
hack and well you know this
tiresome theme therefore it is sometimes
too late
but who helps me and I think it's real
a good thing the only one there is
Again, the gross motor skills come back in
Out of me you always have to be so high
that the gene comes out, I turn too much
I turn too little well I believe that
First, I just become incredible
fast consumption in the second I have
then back out anyway is mine
Product number five that was it
actually already that was mine
Five products I just sent you
just want to introduce the new
biotie shelf and me
I think it's really great if you
have now been tested said
franz I've experienced something completely different
or yes I agree I like to write it
the comment box or you still have one
product what he really devilish and
To test the franziskus this is so
awesome I'm here I'm looking forward to
your comments but your thumbs up
and see you next video i hope so
you liked it
someone this way